Farewell, Mr. Qin, we at Huayutai have won and survived.
That has no name. How can this show continue?
Oops, I can't control it now.
Anyway, the collection rate has dropped to this level.
There is no need to invest in this project of yours.
Otherwise, I'll give you some lines.
You asked this to be sold out,
If you go on stage to host, you are still useless anyway.
Boy, it's all because of you,
Give me, give me, give me to you,
One of them apologized to Mr. Qin. You can't dress up your legs enough.
I'm tied to time for thirty seconds
Didn’t some people say we are incapable?
If you can help the host
Boy, it's all because of you
Or you can touch it for me
Either I break your legs and get out of here
I if I told you beforehand
Everything depends on your performance
If you hit someone
I'll make you regret ever coming here
Since we are given this opportunity
Today, it is usually inconvenient for our ancestors to
only you now
Today let us follow Jingtou
That slides down